docs: add note about using `.show("browser")` when in VS Code (#643)
posit-dev/great-tables: docs/get-started/basic-styling.qmd

gt_pl_air = GT(pl.from_pandas(air_head))
```

:::{.callout-note}

> When using Great Tables with VS Code, some forms of table styling can be suppressed by the IDE's special handling of table outputs. For this reason, it's strongly recommended that `.show("browser")` be called on GT objects when using VS Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Great Tables with VS Code, the IDE suppresses some forms of table styling displayed in notebooks. For example, border styles might not appear. Use `.show("browser")` to see the styled GT table in a separate browser window.
```
